Update Serverless & APIRules Kyma Dashboard guides (#16128)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/02-get-started/03-deploy-expose-microservice.md

  Kyma Dashboard
  </summary>

1. Go to **Discovery and Network** > **API Rules**, and click on **Create API Rule**.
2. Provide the **Name** (`orders-service`)
3. Choose the `Service` from the dropdown.

> 4. Choose your host from the **Host** dropdown and replace the asterix (*) with the name of your subdomain (`hello-world`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Choose your host from the **Host** dropdown and replace the asterix (*) with the name of your subdomain (`orders-service`).
```

  </summary>

1. In your Services's view, click on **Create API Rule +**.
2. Provide the **Name** (`orders-service`)

> 3. Choose the `Service` from the dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose `orders-service` from the **Service Name** dropdown.
```
